what's up guys prodigy here bringing you
another video on how to get the jet
really easy really fast i know i did a
previous video on how to get it but i
feel like this is the better method and
the faster method so just in case you
did not know here's the exact location
where you can find the jet which is at
the military base so starting from the
middle you want to go to the upper left
side right after you cross the tunnel
there it is right there so i'm going to
go ahead and fast-forward this part but
i just go ahead you will need an
airplane from the airport and make sure
you have a parachute because we're going
to be parachuting over the military base
so as soon as you get over this area all
you want to do is go ahead and start
aiming for the hangar right in front of
us and let go to jet that looks awesome
i always do that every time jet crashes
and just keep going straight for the
hangar you can even land inside which is
what i'm about to do but I kind of
messed up a little bit with the landing
and guys this method is really one of
the easiest I prefer this over doing it
with the car because it's just you know
much easier less chances of getting
caught and your car won't blow up by a
mother fucking tank and as soon as you
get the jet just fly straight up for
some reason normally when you stay low
the Jets start chasing you and they
start shooting rockets and another thing
you want to do is set up your marker to
take it straight to the hangar don't
waste any time maybe you could get shot
and then you still fly around and at
least make it when it's hurt but if you
don't get hit like me just you know you
get to whatever you want but what I did
in the video just take it to the
straight to the hangar and if you're
going to notice as soon as I get to the
hangar there's gonna be two month of
fucking jets it up in that bitch because
really this method is pretty easy i get
to mess around a little bit i'm gonna go
ahead and facile with this and i'm gonna
show you my landing other than me
messing around and being upside down i'm
really enjoying this game guys if you
guys enjoyed this tutorial make sure to
leave a thumbs up but maybe a comment if
you have any questions I'll try to help
you guys out but I'm just gonna show you
the landing just because
it's awesome to land something when you
do it right mostly if it's like a plane
like this or a regular old plane and
airport looks really nice in the night
and you're gonna see my second mother
fucking Jack I kind of went too fast and
landing wasn't that perfect but there
you go my second jet up in the
motherfucking hangar anyway these guys
hopefully you guys enjoyed and I'll see
you guys later peace